mom I wish I knew your favorite color
the only one of God's many crayons that
gets you to sit up straighter Tony braid
your spine for my brooch egg infested
headboard your five children sick
campfire cylinder style around playing
guessing games about it I bet it's red I
can see I've never seen but here quite
often in your voice late at night if it
is I will just rip my skin off my body
bare crimson flesh I'm sure that you
look at me more often if I was the color
that makes you smile but maybe it's blue
a skyline Qi that can only be achieved
by swallowing the salty sea although
generally the Pacific Ocean for a kiss
on our corpse cheek because I often
forget you have lips only remind you
when the moon gets home before I do they
bite sting like thunderclaps and you are
oblivious to this tell me it's black and
I want you to know that there is
Technicolor lining the insides of my
elbows so hugging me mom pretend like
you like me long enough to capture the
ultraviolet in my flesh suffocating me
gagged and shoulders in a rising bosom
squeeze the life out of you so that you
can see rainbows again don't see how the
homicide by the sacrifice look great it
good and I know I know that now you
probably think I'm crazy this is just
another one of my phases but I'm not
crazy mom humans just have crazy
tendencies when we want someone to love
us I want you to stop living in
black-and-white images pay close
attention to the movement in your
children's Pig
and maybe then you will finally see that
all five of us are in fact your favorite
color
the spirit is he' on